a nice analyzer
the match in red-white-red Schladming has once more on Tuesday night
turned into the biggest floodlit spectacle in the alpine ski worldcup
Add fifty thousand in the Styrian place and that is plentiful
To lend interest in the World Cup after clear profile to fire
more
with great success
Reinfried Herbst Title took on probably the most spectacular slalom slope of the
World its previous year's success
The Salzburg triumphed before the Swiss Silvan Zurbriggen and the
Tyrolean Manfred Pranger and Benjamin Raich
Already the whole day Merkel was in party mood
Thousands of fans traveled by train to the World Cup race the entire venue
they wanted to carry a light
not only mulled wine stands but also a series of appointments
Battle lovers at Victor cold temperatures
However, the highlight was the race on the Planai initially showed up
the skis are Benjamin Raich and his girlfriend Marlies Schild
close to the public and gave pure white autographs
but then all eyes were on the race
also those of the Austrian state top
to see it was the fourth time in a row a red-white-red triumph
the home victory turned the Planai into a principle is full
Carsten Körnig with
Present here will be great in the next few years so far they are there
are
at the end of the day was clear
Slacklinen is and remains an Austrian fortress